Python Music Player
A feature-rich Python music player application that allows users to play, pause, resume, and stop audio files from their local library. The application is built using the Tkinter library for the graphical user interface (GUI) and Pygame for audio playback, with additional support for MP3 files via the Mutagen library.

Table of Contents:
Features
Requirements
Installation
Usage
Code Overview
License

Features:
    User-Friendly Interface: A clean and intuitive GUI built with Tkinter.
    Play Multiple Formats: Supports MP3 and WAV audio formats.
    Progress Bar: Displays the progress of the currently playing track.
    Volume Control: Adjustable volume control with a slider.
    Track Details: Shows the total length of the track and the current playback time.
    Pause/Resume Functionality: Pause and resume the track at any time.
    Load Music Library: Load all supported audio files from a directory into the playlist.

Requirements:
    Python 3.x
    Tkinter (included with Python)
    Pygame
    Mutagen

Installation:
    Clone the Repository

Clone this repository to your local machine:

    bash
    Copy code
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/python-music-player.git
    cd python-music-player
    Install Dependencies

Install the required Python packages using pip:

    bash
    Copy code
    pip install pygame mutagen
    Usage
    Run the Application

To start the music player, run the following command:

    bash
    Copy code
    python music_player.py
    Load Music Library

    Click on File > Load Music Library.
    Select a folder containing your audio files (MP3 or WAV).
    The files will be loaded into the playlist.
    Play Music

    Select a song from the playlist and click the Play button to start playback.
    Use the Pause, Resume, and Stop buttons to control playback.
    Adjust Volume

    Use the volume slider to adjust the playback volume.

Code Overview:
    
File Structure
    music_player.py: The main Python script containing the code for the music player application.
    Key Components
    Tkinter GUI: The graphical user interface is created using the Tkinter library.
    Pygame Mixer: Handles audio playback, allowing the application to play, pause, resume, and stop audio files.
    Mutagen: Used to retrieve metadata from MP3 files, such as the total length of the track.
    
Core Functions
    load_music_library(): Loads all supported audio files from a user-selected directory into the playlist.
    play_music(): Plays the selected track from the playlist and updates the track details and progress bar.
    pause_music(): Pauses the currently playing track.
    resume_music(): Resumes playback of the paused track.
    stop_music(): Stops the playback and resets the progress bar.
    set_volume(): Adjusts the playback volume based on the user's input.
    
Track Details and Progress Bar
    The application displays the total length of the track and updates the progress bar and current time label as the track plays.

License:
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
